Now let's talk about kanban feature teams and small batches.
Now, what's a feature team?
They are a group of individuals, maybe three to eight, or something like that,
with expertise ranging from analysis, developers,
user interface designers, quality assurance,
database, you know, etc.
So you may have one analyst, three developers,
one database expert, and one UI expert, for example,
and the team is working on the same product features together.
The collection of team members chosen may be driven by the
feature they are working on; hence, all the talent they need is together.
Now the team sticks together until that feature is done. Try and keep
the team with the same members as much as possible.
A well‑bonded team is more productive.
Footnote here.
Some members could certainly be on multiple teams.
For example, a database or UI designer expert may be supporting multiple teams,
but the devs and maybe a QA person may not be shared.
The shared resource will work on their task through the entire value
stream before they can work on other teams' tasks.
Each situation may be different based on the skills of
your organization and their availability.
Completing features in small batches.
Probably the biggest change for those building systems in the
traditional model will be to work on small batches rather than
on very large batches of work.
And the amount of work is constrained by work in progress limits
rather than everyone just piling work on you.
If you are a resource in a kanban step, your batch of work are the
cards in the previous step that have been completed. Instead of a chunk
of work in the traditional approach may be lasting weeks or months, a
batch in kanban may last a few days or maybe a week or two. With
kanban, we still do analysis, development,
testing, and deployment, which you are totally familiar with,
but just in very small batches compared to the traditional waterfall
approach where the requirements are completed,
then the development, then the testing, and then the deployment. And lastly,
small batches enables the team to keep up the tempo in the dynamic business
world to better support our customers. With small batches,
we will have bigger gains.
In fact, I think much bigger.
If there are requirement changes midstream,
they usually will only affect a small batch of work, so it makes it easier for
a team to adjust rather than a change happening to a big,
chunky piece of work that may disrupt multiple resources
and increase waste and consume more time.
Small batches should correlate to smaller bugs since each batch
is immediately deployed, and if bugs are found, they are more
readily returned for remediation.
And also, since you just worked on it, it'll be fresh and current in your mind.
That's important.
Also with small batches, we only spec code and validate exactly what you need.
You can imagine writing a ton of specs and test plans in
the old traditional waterfall approach to only find out
that you don't even need them.
Another waste of time. And lastly, with the smaller batches,
we'd get customer feedback in a much timelier fashion and with
greater customer satisfaction.
Now every company has a different resource and challenge, so be flexible and try to adhere to focus feature teams and small batches.